add env to disable protected mode (#248)
bitnami/bitnami-docker-redis: README.md

Alternatively, you may also provide with this configuration in your [custom](https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-redis#configuration-file) configuration file.

### Disabling protected mode

> Starting with version 7, Redis(R) will start in protected mode when `ALLIW_EMPTY_PASSWORD` is set to `yes`. In this mode, redis(R) will not accept connections except from the loopback interface. To disable protected mode, you can use the `REDIS_DISABLE_PROTECTED_MODE` environment variable:

Reviewer: Typo:
ALL**O**W_EMPTY_PASSWORD

Reviewer: The actual reason for the breaking change:
Starting with Redis 7, modifying the bind parameter to a non-default value will no longer implicitly
disable `protected-mode`

`bind` parameter is modified in this image because `REDIS_ALLOW_REMOTE_CONNECTIONS` is `yes` by default, which changes `bind` to `0.0.0.0 ::`

Reviewer: I believe REDIS_DISABLE_PROTECTED_MODE should cause warnings when set to yes because it should not be used in production. (Same style as ALLOW_EMPTY_PASSWORD)

Alternatively, you may also provide with this configuration in your [custom](https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-redis#configuration-file) configuration file.

> ### Disabling protected-mode
> Starting with version 7, modifying the bind parameter to a non-default value will no longer implicitly
> disable protected-mode. To disable protected-mode, you can use the `REDIS_DISABLE_PROTECTED_MODE` environment variable:

Reviewer 2: Some minor wording/style improvements:

```suggestion
### Disabling protected mode

Starting with Redis 7, modifying the bind parameter to a non-default value will no longer implicitly disable protected mode. To disable it, you can use the `REDIS_DISABLE_PROTECTED_MODE` environment variable, e.g.:

```

```console
$ docker run \
    -e ALLOW_EMPTY_PASSWORD=yes \

>     -e REDIS_DISABLE_PROTECTED_MODE=true \

Reviewer: Are you sure `true` is a valid value?

Author: It is, i checked the definition for `is_boolean_yes`, but I changed it to `yes` for uniformity
